README.md, before:

# AI Technology Research and the Please5 Standalone AI Engine and OS!

For attaining untold knowledge of AI from the math to the C, C++, &amp;/ Assembly level without ANY libraries. To ANI, AGI, ASI, and AGSI, and beyond!   Same grand goal; but serious execution.

Here's a good AI v. ANI v. AGI explanation: [AI is a Lie. - YouTube](https://youtu.be/nGIpdiQrFDU) from *Linus Tech Tips*.

# Mechanistic Interpretability?

[What Do Neural Networks Really Learn? Exploring the Brain of an AI Model - YouTube](https://youtu.be/jGCvY4gNnA8).

# Status of AGI

[AI Won&#39;t Be AGI, Until It Can At Least Do This (plus 6 key ways LLMs are being upgraded) - YouTube](https://youtu.be/PeSNEXKxarU).

Based! [I Will Piledrive You If You Say AI Again | Prime Reacts - YouTube](https://youtu.be/k0XuoK132z4).

[AI Hype is completely out of control - especially since ChatGPT-4o - YouTube](https://youtu.be/VctsqOo8wsc).

Bubbles and gold rushes will not deter researchers like me: [Wall Street Turning On AI - YouTube](https://youtu.be/42Hw5VwdDvE).

# Status of AI Security:

[OpenAI Insecure Storage - ThreatWire - YouTube](https://youtu.be/L0IBbmmaMiU), really? as Recall with Microsoft, OpenAI's macOS app heretofore hath tus been been clumbsy with users' data and encryption thereof! C'mon!

[How A.I. Killed the Internet. - YouTube](https://youtu.be/PaVjQFMg7L0): dead internet "conspiracy" theory: fact or fiction?…

[Sexual and asexual reproduction. Mathematical models - YouTube](https://youtu.be/4VMk1VgdoCU): evolution via sexual, meiosis; asexual, mitosis reproduction, replication, and continual reproduction.

[Portal - Reflections on Learned Behavior - YouTube](https://youtu.be/eYzKAKLlr74).

# Technical

[code_your_own_AI - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@code4AI)!

[Machine Learning Studio - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@PyMLstudio).

[CodeEmporium - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@CodeEmporium).

[Socratica - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Socratica).

Commit message:

How to Make Experiments! Do science.

README.md, after:

# AI Technology Research and the Please5 Standalone AI Engine and OS!

For attaining untold knowledge of AI from the math to the C, C++, &amp;/ Assembly level without ANY libraries. To ANI, AGI, ASI, and AGSI, and beyond!   Same grand goal; but serious execution.

Here's a good AI v. ANI v. AGI explanation: [AI is a Lie. - YouTube](https://youtu.be/nGIpdiQrFDU) from *Linus Tech Tips*.

# Mechanistic Interpretability?

[What Do Neural Networks Really Learn? Exploring the Brain of an AI Model - YouTube](https://youtu.be/jGCvY4gNnA8).

# How to Make Experiments:

[Hypothesis Testing - Z test &amp; T test - YouTube](https://youtu.be/3Ump_ZsX3zw) thorough scientific experiment design. [How To Know Which Statistical Test To Use For Hypothesis Testing - YouTube](https://youtu.be/ChLO7wwt7h0)!

# Status of AGI‽

[AI Won&#39;t Be AGI, Until It Can At Least Do This (plus 6 key ways LLMs are being upgraded) - YouTube](https://youtu.be/PeSNEXKxarU).

Based! [I Will Piledrive You If You Say AI Again | Prime Reacts - YouTube](https://youtu.be/k0XuoK132z4).

[AI Hype is completely out of control - especially since ChatGPT-4o - YouTube](https://youtu.be/VctsqOo8wsc).

Bubbles and gold rushes will not deter researchers like me: [Wall Street Turning On AI - YouTube](https://youtu.be/42Hw5VwdDvE).

# Status of AI Security:

[OpenAI Insecure Storage - ThreatWire - YouTube](https://youtu.be/L0IBbmmaMiU), really? as Recall with Microsoft, OpenAI's macOS app heretofore hath tus been been clumbsy with users' data and encryption thereof! C'mon!

[How A.I. Killed the Internet. - YouTube](https://youtu.be/PaVjQFMg7L0): dead internet "conspiracy" theory: fact or fiction?…

[Sexual and asexual reproduction. Mathematical models - YouTube](https://youtu.be/4VMk1VgdoCU): evolution via sexual, meiosis; asexual, mitosis reproduction, replication, and continual reproduction.

[Portal - Reflections on Learned Behavior - YouTube](https://youtu.be/eYzKAKLlr74).

# Technical

[code_your_own_AI - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@code4AI)!

[Machine Learning Studio - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@PyMLstudio).

[CodeEmporium - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@CodeEmporium).

[Socratica - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Socratica).

[Weights &amp; Biases - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@WeightsBiases).
